{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f39\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f42\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f46\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Albatros D}{\author Paul Wilson}{\operator Paul Wilson}{\creatim\yr2009\mo12\dy11\hr13\min9}
{\revtim\yr2009\mo12\dy11\hr13\min20}{\version3}{\edmins12}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\*\company PerspectX, Inc.}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Spad XIII
\par 
\par 
\par DESCRIPTION:  The Spad XIII was a French built biplane fighter that served during the tail end of the war.  It was a very capable replacement to the Spad VII.  The XIII would become one of the most mass produced aircraft of World War I with ov
er 8000 being built.
\par 
\par In terms of performance it was a notable improvement over the Spad VII.  It was most capable as a \'93speed\'94 aircraft proving faster than contemporaries like the Sopwith Camel and Fokker D.VII.  It\rquote s maneuverability was poor and it had a s
teep gliding angle and sharp stall making it difficult in the hands of a novice pilot.
\par 
\par It first started flying in April 1917.  Not only the French flew it but also the Americans.  US pilots would score a substantial number of their victories in this aircr
aft.  Famous pilots who flew this aircraft include Georges Guynemer, Rene Fonck, Francesco Baracca, and Eddie Rickenbacker.
\par 
\par 
\par MODEL AND TEXTURES INCLUDED:  A model of the  Spad XIII biplane has been included as well as color map, bump, and specular map.  The aircraft diplayed here is the one flown by Eddie Rickenbacker. 
\par 
\par ROTATIONS:  The rudders, ailerons, prop, and elevators have been set up to be rotatable.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs20 Copyright Notice
\par 
\par Purchaser's Rights}{\f1\fs20  - You have the right to include this asset in your own produc
tions, which produced and/or sold for their own merit.  You have the right to distribute the likeness of this model in 2 dimensional formats including images and video.  You do not have the right to re-distribute or sell this asset, or derivatives of this
 asset in it's 3 dimensional format.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 
\par Seller's Rights - }{\f1\fs20 PerspectX, inc. owns the copyright for this product, and reserves the right to sell and distribute this product.  Every asset is either the artistic invention of PerspectX, inc., or has been commission
ed by PerspectX, inc. providing PerspectX, inc. with legal copyright ownership.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }}